If you weren't able to write at least one test case so far,
by taking an example from the previous test case we covered so far,
then you are doing a good job already.
If you haven't in more than one,
then you're doing an excellent job.
I'm going to now discuss a few more advanced features of Junit,
that will take you from a beginner's level,
to the next intermediary level.
Let's take a look at this site.
This is the official site for Junits,
and I have it open here.
So on this side, we get a comprehensive list of
all the methods that the Junit assert class contains,
and you can go into the details and read what each of these methods do for you.
This will help you to find the methods that you can use,
or keep these methods in mind so that next time you're trying to write a Junit,
you know which methods you're going to call in advance.